United State on Thursday
smell on my dress my bag hmm it's right
above it
yeah hey man I know where you're
stealing people he do it oh it
means you can even check your watch yeah
that's probably a smart idea kind of
thank you
he come down right up real big big boy
you're ten weeks and a day old wait no
you're not there are 10 weeks and two
days old
all right
just want to buy everything yeah like
you wanna do I'm gonna bite everything
hey that's your hammer
hey begin Roselli you can't eat the
camera and don't hit the Mario Kart
thing oh yeah
sure you would business you're smart you
can get up jumpity-jump yeah boy
eating your back in DB Buffy